hey youtube homestead prepper and this
is something that I saw the other day I
guess she'll probably already know about
it but I just wanted to bring up a few
points and what you're looking at is an
autonomous robot that is being built and
can you know help out law enforcement I
guess it could you know help out the
military and I just want to bring up a
few points about you know how beneficial
these things could be like you're really
a you know a under the right guidance it
could be really beneficial for mankind
and you know not put people in dangerous
situations however they could also be
turned into something perverted under
the wrong control because you know
they're going to do what they're told
you know they're not going to have any
ethics from morals to make them question
what you're told to do and now I found
it interesting that i read a study a few
years ago and i think i read it in the
newspaper that if they ask people in the
military if if they would fire on
remember the American citizens and I was
astounded to find that eleven percent of
the people of that survey said that they
would the other eighty-nine percent said
they would you know that's pretty good
ratio but you asked some of these things
right here to fire on American citizens
or whoever and they're going to do it no
questions asked it just you know it's
like you know pushing buttons on up on a
machine and it starts the on on your
washing machine it starts to rinse cycle
they're going to do what they have to
what their commanded to do and but what
I find really disturbing is if you read
this article here
it says these humans controlled robots
will be strong enough to clear a room
and facilitates entry control and combat
casualty recovery yet these terminators
would easily be the most effective
weapon against civil unrest or radical
revolutionaries that did not subscribe
to the globalist agenda okay I find that
very odd that that would be you know all
out there and it definitely gives you
something to think about let's just look
over here at this let's run this right
here but I mean you I'll try and give
the the website address and the
possibilities here are limitless also if
they you know if they perfect this and
these things can do what they're doing
out here they could you know totally get
rid of firefighting Anna you could you
know what why would you hire a
firefighter to do something you can send
somebody in there you can't get hurt
there's a lot other jobs these things
could do you think about what you do
daily and ask yourself that this machine
could be programmed to do it and you
know from an employer standpoint you
know you're going to get an employee
here that is never going to take a
coffee break and is no complaining and
I'll do everything you ask it to do so
it's it's really kind of a radical thing
and I remember reading about this back
in the 90s i think it was in 93 or 94
the military was working on robots
capable of running and jumping and they
said within 30 years they would have it
well i guess to running a little bit
early so I just thought I would bring
this to everyone's attention and a few
points I want to make is
if you were to confront this guy right
here I really don't think that this
right here is going to do it don't know
if you can see that but that's green tip
556 I don't think that's going to do the
job against him I think you're going to
need something a little heavier probably
something that has a black tip on it and
that may not do it either RPG might be
effective but this is just some stuff I
wanted to bring up and if i were to
confront one of these in a crap at the
fan scenario i would i would shoot this
right here first take that out of the
equation anyway i'd love to hear your
comments and this is the homestead
prepper out